Capstone 2 (Stock Dashboard)


My second capstone project will be a stock Dashboard web based application that would show stock market information and allow users a quick glance at the markets. This app will be built for anyone interested in investing but will be geared towards beginner to intermediate investors and will be focused around a simple, sleek interface. The landing page will display general index data including the S&P 500, nasdaq, dow, small cap, mid cap, gold, bitcoin, and the 10 year treasury note yield. Via a search form, users could look up individual stocks and get information such as price, market cap, 52 week high and low and P/E ratio. Users will have the ability to look at stock price history via graphs for different time periods.  By creating an account users will be able to create a watchlist of stocks, which will allow the user to quickly glance at the price movement of their stocks.


I plan to use the rapidapi yahoo finance API which offers up to 500 requests per month for real time stock market data. React and Redux for the Front End and Node and Express for the backend. I’ll build a backend API for storing user account information including each user’s personal stock watch list. The database schema will consist of a users table with username, first name, last name, email, and stocks tickers in an array. The Api will also handle authentication and login, and adding or deleting a stock ticker from an array from each user’s data. 
An example post request to my backend api for adding a stock ticker to a users profile would be something like this. 

/users/${username}/stocks/${tickerId}



Additional features(if time allows)
Pull in news data on stocks that you search for using the https://newsapi.org/ 
On the homepage show recent general business news also using https://newsapi.org/ 
On your user profile next to your watchlist pull in news data for companies in your watch list
Pull back indicator(would show if a stock is 20% off its high)

 
